welcome to the program we start in Gaza
where Israel's month-long bombardment
shows no sign of easing several homes
were destroyed after an air strike hit a
residential area north of the nuset
refugee camp in central Gaza in the
southern part of the strip at least
eight people have been killed in an
attack in Rafa and multiple casualties
have been reported after Israeli bombs
hit a neighborhood in Khan
Unis Let's cross over to hanim Mahmud in
Rafa in southern Gaza with the very
latest a lot to focus on because various
parts of the strip have been
hit yes and we're looking at a situation
right now where the entire Gaza STP has
been equally bombed I mean there is no
lit up in the attacks no signs of
slowing down here in Rafa City just
within the past half an hour with the
scenes of parents and remaining family
members pouring into a Kuwaiti Hospital
taking the bodies from last night
attacks transferring them to Nar
Hospital preparing for barrier
but the scenes of the children wrapped
in white sheets is still dominating uh
the scene right here uh those people who
were killed uh last night in their
residential homes that they they were
Sheltering in wether here in the western
part of raah city where uh nine people
were killed six of them were children
who suffered extreme devastating Burns
and just within uh like half an hour of
their arrival to the hospital they just
died uh because of of the uh the attacks
on the residential because of the burn
that they sustain and the injuries of of
last night attack also another attack in
eastern part of RA that happened half an
hour before the second attack where one
lady was killed one young lady was
killed the other one uh the other
injuries were the vast majority made of
of his children and people from the the
vicinity of the area just causing a
great deal of panic as people were
Sheltering inside a preschool facility
when a nearby residential home was
targeted and destroyed the D from the
falling debris and and shrap who fell
and directly hit hit people uh in lights
of growing the threats of expanding the
uh the ground Invasion uh is right now
at at a point where people do not have
where to go what to do there's a
shattered sense of of security and it's
important to point out that ra has been
a major size of Relentless attacks
either by air or land from the initial
weeks of this War I mean uh the talks
for the vast majority of people here the
talks about expanding the ground
Invasion serve as uh as a distraction
while at the same time the Israeli
military through the Relentless air
strike continue to pound uh across the
city whether the eastern part the
central part or the overcrowded western
part of city where evacuation zone is
located yeah while that focus is on Rafa
right now in the area where you are hany
there's also been a great deal of focus
on Kan nunis and net overnight as well
just briefly tell us what's been
happening there as
well
M well ever since the Israeli military
announced it uh it had completed its
oper military operations in Khan unun or
the central area we did not see any sign
of slowing down the air attacks on these
two areas particularly n refugee camp
and and just new fresh air strikes
happening within the past hours and
early hours of this morning in the N
refugee camp also the central part of
the central area just causing great deal
of Destruction and causing further
civilian casualties that are all
transferred reported to alaka hospital
that is already exhausted suffering from
the extreme shortage of medical supplies
uh but the tragedy is the people who are
still under the rebels from the time the
Israeli military was operating
aggressively inat refugee camp the
northern part of the Camp itself where
people are still under the rebel this is
the third the fourth day uh with
inability of of the Civil defens crew or
paramedics to remove these bodies from
under the ground within the past two
hours an attack on a residential Block
in kanun evacuation Zone that's Al Maas
evacuation Zone where the vast majority
of displaced families and evacuees were
ordered by the Israeli military at the
initial weeks of the war to go and
shelter there to avoid being bombed but
right now we're seeing this is this has
been happening repeatedly uh they are
attacked inside their tents from the
debris from the the falling shrap nails
or sometimes they are actually directly
hit while inside their tents uh there
reports of multiple injuries right now
but there is a difficulty of
transferring these injuries as the
presence of a quad captors these are
attack drones and surveillance and
drones make it very risky for paramedics
and civil defensive crew to do their job
and help and save people who need help
right now Hal Mahmud for us in Rafa in
southern Gaza thank you